
#A function is a block of code which only runs when it is called.

#You can pass data, known as parameters, into a function.

#A function can return data as a result.

#In Python a function is defined using the def keyword:

def my_function():
  print("Hello from a function")

#To call a function, use the function name followed by parenthesis:

#The function must be defined above the call. 

my_function()

#Information can be passed into functions as arguments.

#Arguments are specified after the function name, inside the parentheses. You can add as many arguments as you want, just separate them with a comma.

#The following example has a function with two arguments (fname,lname):

def name_function(fname, lname):
  print(fname + " " + lname)

name_function("Lucy", "Young")

#A parameter is the variable listed inside the parentheses in the function definition.

#An argument is the value that is sent to the function when it is called.

#By default, a function must be called with the correct number of arguments. Meaning that if your function expects 2 arguments, you have to call the function with 2 arguments, not more, and not less.

#name_function("Lucy", "Kay", "Young")

#Can add a default value for an argument

def age(age = 12):
  print("I am " + str(age))

age()
age(11)

#Can ask for user input and then use those variables as arguments in a function.

user_first_name = input("Please enter your first name: ")
user_last_name = input("Please enter your last name: ")
name_function(user_first_name, user_last_name)


#Expected Output:
Hello from a function
Lucy Young
I am 12
I am 11
Please enter your first name: Montessa
Please enter your last name: Young
Montessa Young


