# Make Assignment - Weight on another planet

## Background Info - Read out of curiosity...
Calculate the user's weight on different planets.
Differences are caused by the difference in gravitational force on each planet. Formulas are strictly based on Newton's Gravitational Law and the equation:

F = GMm/r²

where:

F = gravitational force;
G = gravitational constant;
M = planet mass;
m = your mass; and
r = planet radius.

Example:
How much would I weight on Mars if I am 75 kg?
Your weight on Mars would be 28.5 kg. To find this result:

Measure your weight on Earth: W(Earth) = 75 kg.
Measure the acceleration due to gravity on Mars's surface: g(Mars) = 3.73 m/s² and Earth's surface g(Earth) = 9.81 m/s².
Multiply your weight on Earth by the ratio between g(Mars) and g(Earth):
W(Mars) = W(Earth) × g(Mars)/(g(Earth) = 75 × 3.73/9.81 = 28.5 kg.

## Actually use this process!
But we are going to make this much more simple. Here are the composite values you need so you can multiply by weight in pounds:
For example, let’s calculate your weight on Neptune if you weigh 158 lbs on Earth. Gravity on Neptune is 1.19 time higher than on Earth.

Weight on Neptune = 158 lbs x 1.19
Weight on Neptune = 188 lbs
Body	Multiple of Earth’s Gravity
Sun	27.01
Mercury	0.38
Venus	0.91
Earth	1 (defined)
Moon	0.166
Mars	0.38
Jupiter	2.34
Saturn	1.06
Uranus	0.92
Neptune	1.19
Pluto	0.06

## Make it

1. Define a function for each planet
The function will have one parameter - user weight in pounds. You'll output one parameter - the user's weight on the planet. Include a print statement that tells the user their weight.

2. Have user choose what planet they are visiting.[Hint: You need an if elif else for this]
3. Then have the user input the parameters.[Hint: you can't put the input prompts inside the function, they'll need to be in your if elif else]
4. Call the correct function and return the answer to the console.
