#Code
# The Python interpreter has a number of functions and types built into it that are always available. We are going to review the ones we already know and then learn more. 

# We already know these (or should):
x = 3
bool()
float()
int()
str()
type(x)

print()
input()

# Here are the new ones:

abs()
# returns the absolute value of a number

len()
# returns the length(the number of items) of an object. Works on strings, list, and range.

max()
# return the largest item in an iterable or the largest of two or more arguments.

min()
# return the smallest item in an iterable or the smallest of two or more arguments.

pow(8,4)
# return base to the power exponential. 

round(1.456, 2)
# return number rounded to n digits precision after the decimal point. If n digits is omitted or is None, it returns the nearest integer to its input.

sum()
# return sums start and the items of an iterable from left to right and returns the total. The iterable’s items are normally numbers, and the start value is not allowed to be a string.

dir(1)
# returns information about any value and tells you the functions that are available to use in alphabetical order


# import
# import libraries that offer other built-in functions

import time
time.sleep(3)
time.process_time()

import random
random.randint(1,100)
random.shuffle()

#invokes the built-in help system
help()

#Expected Output

1
2
100.23
This number can now be concatenated 134
<class 'int'>
Input a number1
-99
6
89
2
4096
1.46
109
['__abs__', '__add__', '__and__', '__bool__', '__ceil__', '__class__', '__delattr__', '__dir__', '__divmod__', '__doc__', '__eq__', '__float__', '__floor__', '__floordiv__', '__format__', '__ge__', '__getattribute__', '__getnewargs__', '__getstate__', '__gt__', '__hash__', '__index__', '__init__', '__init_subclass__', '__int__', '__invert__', '__le__', '__lshift__', '__lt__', '__mod__', '__mul__', '__ne__', '__neg__', '__new__', '__or__', '__pos__', '__pow__', '__radd__', '__rand__', '__rdivmod__', '__reduce__', '__reduce_ex__', '__repr__', '__rfloordiv__', '__rlshift__', '__rmod__', '__rmul__', '__ror__', '__round__', '__rpow__', '__rrshift__', '__rshift__', '__rsub__', '__rtruediv__', '__rxor__', '__setattr__', '__sizeof__', '__str__', '__sub__', '__subclasshook__', '__truediv__', '__trunc__', '__xor__', 'as_integer_ratio', 'bit_count', 'bit_length', 'conjugate', 'denominator', 'from_bytes', 'imag', 'is_integer', 'numerator', 'real', 'to_bytes']
[4, 2, 3, 6, 89, 5]
Welcome to Python 3.12's help utility! If this is your first time using
Python, you should definitely check out the tutorial at
https://docs.python.org/3.12/tutorial/.

Enter the name of any module, keyword, or topic to get help on writing
Python programs and using Python modules.  To get a list of available
modules, keywords, symbols, or topics, enter "modules", "keywords",
"symbols", or "topics".

Each module also comes with a one-line summary of what it does; to list
the modules whose name or summary contain a given string such as "spam",
enter "modules spam".

To quit this help utility and return to the interpreter,
enter "q" or "quit".

help> 
