# Task - Predict and Run

This task contains three code examples.

Look at each example , study it carefully.  Write a prediction of what it will do when it runs.  Your prediction should be added to the code as comments. You should use the key terms **variable, operator** and **output** in your prediction.

### What is an arithmetic operator?
Operators are used to perform operations on variables and values.
Operator	Name	Example	Try it
+	Addition	x + y	
-	Subtraction	x - y	
*	Multiplication	x * y	
/	Division	x / y	
%	Modulus	x % y	
**	Exponentiation	x ** y	
//	Floor division	x // y

### What is casting?

There may be times when you want to specify a type on to a variable. This can be done with casting. Python is an object-orientated language, and as such it uses classes to define data types, including its primitive types.
Casting in python is therefore done using constructor functions:

int() - constructs an integer number from an integer literal, a float literal (by removing all decimals), or a string literal (providing the string represents a whole number)
float() - constructs a float number from an integer literal, a float literal or a string literal (providing the string represents a float or an integer)
str() - constructs a string from a wide variety of data types, including strings, integer literals and float literals

## Help! My Code Doesn't Work!

Make sure that you check for the following things:

- you have typed the variable name **exactly** the same (including caps), every time
- There is a variable on the **left** of each assignment
- You have used a single **=** for assignment
- You have used the correct **operator**
    - <pre>+ addition
    - <pre>- subtraction
    - <pre>* multiplication
    - <pre>/ decimal division (gives numbers after the decimal point)
    - <pre>// integer division (just gives the whole number part of the answer)
- You have remembered the brackets after input:
    - <pre> input()