# Instructions  

Create a board foot calculator that allows a user to input the number of boards, length, width, and thickness of lumber and calculates the board feet. It then lets you input a price per board foot and shows the  user the total cost.

 ## Board Foot Calculator
 This board foot calculator allows you to quickly estimate the volume of hardwood lumber you want to buy. 
 
 Unlike square footage, which measures area, board footage measures volume. You use it when purchasing multiple boards of lumber in various sizes.

By definition, one board foot of lumber is one square foot that is one-inch thick. If you would like to convert regular volume units into board feet, use the following relation:

1 board foot = 144 cubic inches = 1/12 cubic foot

### Using the lumber calculator: an example
Let's assume you want to use this board foot calculator to determine how much you should pay for a few hardwood pieces.

1. Decide on the number of pieces you want to purchase. Let's assume it's five wooden boards.

2. Choose the dimensions of the boards. For example, a piece of hardwood can be 8 feet long, 10 inches wide, and 1.25 inches thick.

3. Substitute these numbers into the board foot formula to find the board footage per piece:

4. board feet = length(ft) × width(in) × thickness(in) / 12

    board feet = 8 × 10 × 1.25 / 12

    board feet = 8.33 BF

5. Now, multiply this result by the number of pieces to obtain the total board footage of your purchase:

5 × 8.33 = 41.67 BF

6. Finally, you can multiply this value by the price per board foot to determine the total cost of your purchase. Assuming one board foot of lumber costs $4.15, then:

cost = 41.67 × $4.15 = $172.92

  